# Jihae Park
## 09 collab assignment instruction:

1. Select an assignment from a class you have taught or will teach that you would like to incorporate group work into.
2. Select a groupwork approach/technique most suitable
3. Flesh out the "teacher-facing" parts of this assignment to address specifics how the groupwork component will be worked in. Address these, at minimum:
* What are the intended benefits of groupwork over solo work?
* Mechanisms for gauging how well it is working?
* What to do when trouble erupts... (resistance to a grouping, lack of buy-in, "dead-weight" teammates, know-it-alls, etc.)
* What instructions/guidance will students get re: the groupwork mechanics?
* What long-term or class-wide goals does this support, and how?

Rationale:
Students will be homogeneously paired up to work on the diagram for printBoard method before they start coding with their partner. Often times, students may be stuck in different parts of writing a method. However, working with a partner will motivate the students to share ideas and come up with the plan and complete the task. Students will get some sentence starters for this discussion and the long-term goal is for students to get used to this practice so that algorithmic planning before writing the code becomes their habit.  

(BELOW IS THE ASSIGNMENT)
----------------------------------------


## Topic: Array2DPractice 
 
INSTRUCTION:
  
With you partner, create a .draw file to create a diagram to plan for printBoard method. Once you're done, raise your hand and I will pair your group with another group to explain your diagram. 

This file contains the following completed method. Use it as a model
  to help you with printBoard method:
  
  - buildBoard


## Activity
### buildBoard method:
   Creates and returns a 2D array of size rowsxcols chars. All elements
   in the 2D array will be set to the char value.

   Ex: buildBoard(3,4,'x') will return this 2D array:

   xxxx
   xxxx
   xxxx


```
import java.io.*;
import java.util.*;

public class Array2DPractice
{
  public static char[][] buildBoard( int rows, int cols, char value )
  {
    char[][] board = new char[rows][cols];
    for (int i = 0; i < rows; i++) {
      for (int j = 0; j < cols; j++) {
        board[i][j]=value;
      }
    }
    return board;
  }
```
### printBoard method:

prints a 2D array of characters

This should print the array as a grid
```    
  public static void printBoard( char[][] board )
  {
    /* YOUR AMAZING CODE HERE
    */
  }
```